Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture, we're going to configure the estimates package.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we're gonna need to scroll down to the one section.
Okay?
Over here, like you can see, the first thing is asking us to do is to set dependency of beauteous
gradients, a minimum of 3.6.2.
Okay.
So now we're going to need to copy this line.
And yes contingency add up to the code and then the viewed the griddle to fly.
Dude.
Okay.
We have this in no collapses.
Sorry.
Not in this fight.
I think they have a level view that.
Greater level viewed.
That's greater.
This is.
It's.
Okay.
Or we can just do collabs this as well.
And this is the upper level beat at the credo.
Okay.
So I think we are going to have level and not here.
It should be the project level greater.
Okay.
Now we're gonna need to change this.
Now, get rid of this.
And then.
Is this?
We then need to indent it and use country in this.
Okay.
Now let's check for the next step.
Now we just need to.
We're just going to skip this line of wire where you can do it, make sure yours is the defaults.
That is a 67.
Okay.
Now we also need to have this you can see just submit the and read manifest that SML will conflict with
your project, namely the application letter field to counter that go to and read have source main then
hundred but manage unread manifest that small.
Okay now said we should go to read.
And red sauce.
Main.
Maine.
Okay.
Andre.
Trust me.
Okay, so where's this going to be?
This should be.
It's just right after the race.
Okay.
Under it I can still see main under.
That should be it.
Okay.
Now you can see it also looks like.
Okay, so we need to copy this.
I had this slide, had this.
Okay, control and see.
And we're going to need to get rid of this retard down and then paste it.
You can see we have this than over as well.
And now we can use control and that's the save.
Okay.
Now, the other line it wants us to copy.
You can see, choose, replace.
So we need to copy this.
Copy this.
Okay.
And then.
We're going to need two pairs this year and we can format okay this country and that's to save and then
this is all we need over here.
Okay.
Sorry.
Now you can see of danger minimum as the key question 222 in your Android hub level right then to view
that gradle.
So you're going to need to go to the hundred.
Hundred have.
Okay.
Hundred is going to collapse this then the bearded widow.
Now, instead of Syria, what we can do is get involved.
8224 because when I was a bit jittery, I got some errors.
So make sure you changes to 34 are not 22.
And as well Target said sorry target as the on to 28.
Well we are going to change has to 29.
29.
Okay.
Yes.
Control.
NASA save.
And even then it's as crude now.
And you can see ads, billboards.
He relies for progress.
You can see what it does over here.
Jesse.
Jesse as the and it was pro god.
What's a pro god was?
So we had a pro guide rules that provide that profile rights.
Your release epic build would be missing, right?
So don't want it to be missing.
So what we can do is we're going to need this to be lines.
Okay.
Well, what I can just do is I can copy this as well.
And this I'm going to get rid of this, too.
And we're going to need to go to the beauty types because this is where we have it in Hawaii.
We need to pass it.
And now I can get rid of this too and we can as well.
Indents is okay.
Durham wouldn't have to close up for this lecture, so you see everything clearly.
Okay.
Yes.
Control necessary.
And see what?
Oh, she it Ms..
Okay.
We've just done this, right.
Now, then had fire in the same territory.
Code pro god.
Was that so far?
Now, if we just click on this, then I'm going to see anything.
And that is why this just cements package is not that organized.
When Amy organizes, there is no good documentation for this.
Okay.
You can see Page not found, but already I have the rules.
I will go to my give.
First of all is asking us to create if I could pro God.
Per guide rules that proviso.
What I can do is I can copy.
This, I don't think in a spelling mistake.
Okay.
Now within the have is asking us to create it within rehab.
So new file.
Now I'm just going to paint this.
Okay, I think.
Okay.
Leading or trending by space detected.
Okay, great.
And now I can copy this story.
This is going to be available to you.
You're going to see data, right?
And the results of this lecture.
Okay.
Sorry.
Then we need to face it like this just through so we don't really need to take orders.
They are just riffs.
Okay.
We can then use control and save.
I think this is basically it's hopefully we are not missing anything.
The first thing we did was to go to our unread rights and we change this before we have in four point
something.
Right.
And we changed it to 2.6.2.
And we did this in the project level.
And we are not ditching anything yet.
But you can just make sure you are using the 67.
You can find dots in the in the corridor and.
I think you basically find out in this then good the rapper because the music they do for it which is
season seven so as well make sure you're using this default as you might get an error and as well make
sure you are using this API 29.
I think it does not support techy.
That is the guesstimates package.
Okay.
Probably might get some errors like the the probably what sort of like widescreen or something like
that.
I don't really know.
But just make sure you use in 29 or probably if it supports, it's okay.
Okay.
I think this is basically it.
Now, what you're going to need to do is to restart your.
Yes, you could you can just cut it and then restarts and make sure it gets everything.
Most importantly, this package, we just had it.
Right.
So make sure you get everything right.
Make sure it recognizes it's okay.
So that does what you're gonna need to do to stop this and restarts.
It's okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in a nice picture.